# References
- Vue MDI List: https://pictogrammers.github.io/@mdi/font/5.4.55/
- https://material.io/resources/icons/?search=done&style=baseline

# Questions
- Passing event down through wrapper components?
- Colors could represent major categories/genres in dataset? It could be something consistent throughout the app.
- What platform should I keep the data on? I should also keep in mind ease of contributing & editing.
- Should the app have different color schemes as well for different age group?
- Should I use Algolia? https://www.algolia.com/developers/get-started

# Issues
- Should I manage the dropdown height automatically? I need to check against other layouts first.

# To Do
- Think about having a character / mascot for the app. Might work well for younger children.
  - Find if there's any usable assets.
  - Check best option to get them animated. Do I do in browser animation or gif exports, check usage and which is better for low end devices.
- Check between vee-validate and vuelidate. I remember they have differences.
  - `VeeValidate validates inputs, vuelidate validates values`
  - Let's wait a bit on adding this, I may not need this as the validations can be rather simple and perhaps manageable by lodash?
- A contributor's section.

# Target Age Group
- Minimum 9 years old.

# Design Guidelines
- Games should have individual components for tutorial because the game
  mechanics may vary greatly, it may be difficult to keep it consistent
  to a fixed format as they may require different screen real estate
  and specific visual animations.
- Tutorial for games should exist on the splash screen.
- Game flow: Title screen => Tutorial (Carousel) => Game.

# Development Strategy
I am opening the development site to public from the get-go. Building it
as rough as possible and move on as long as it's usable. Adventure mode
is low on priority, I will focus on pushing out 5 refined methods first.
Will be using a dataset of 100 occupations.

# Development Priorities
1. User access
  > I should just implement a dummy user flow, nothing is logged.
  - Common components
    - Button
    - Select
    - Input
    - Label
    - Card
    - Alert
    - Avatar
    - Badge
    - Bars
    - Banner
    - Breadcrumb
    - Dialog
    - List
    - Tab (Layout?)
    - Tooltip
  - Pages
    - Register
    - Login
    - Reset
    - Dashboard
      > This is where the child or parent can get additional info of past insights and results.
      - Character sheet
2. Methods overview (Gallery layout)
3. 5 guided methods
  - Common components
    - Card
4. Adventure mode

# Library Used
- https://github.com/rikschennink/fitty
- https://vue-select.org/
- https://fusejs.io/

# Code Structure

## Notifications
Notifications are done through the store. Dispatch an action with `notification/notify` to trigger. IDs are generated by the action at the moment but may change if we are persisting certain notifications.
```
notifyObj: {
  msg: String,
  type: String, // Could be 'success', 'error', 'warning', 'info'.
  timed: Int,
  redirect: Object
}
```